and now here in the East Coast the big
story here preparations underway for a
potentially history-making snowstorm
along the eastern seaboard on up to New
England it's happening the way the worst
of them happen two storms coming
together joining forces blizzard
warnings are posted across a wide area
50 million Americans in the path of this
one before it's all over we have two
reports tonight Ron Mott in Waltham Mass
Weather Channel meteorologist Jim
Cantore
is in Boston and Ron first to you good
evening hey Brian good evening to you
know there was a big rush on this store
earlier today they're expecting more
people tonight and in the morning as
they head in to pick up things like
shovels and batteries flashlights gas
cans ahead of what could be a top 10
winter storm of all time as this storm
barrels eastward today had dumped a lot
of snow in places like Madison Wisconsin
and Chicago where they're confused one
day at six Day in the Northeast whose
metal is about to be severely tested for
the first time in years after an
unusually mild and dry winter last
season pounds getting a little sweaty
the excitement starts to build on
Hartford to Boston and elsewhere if you
get a thunder snow storm you could end
up with 27 inches of snow forecasters
are sounding the alarm about what could
be an historic storm and those warnings
were all the motivation many people
needed to stock up on emergency supplies
and a heavy dose of courage and patience
lastly salt shovel in hard-hit Brick
Township New Jersey still recovering
from superstorm sandy nerves are frayed
as they prepare again for storm surge
I'm just really scared terrified at this
Boston area Home Depot a much-needed
shipment of ice melt arrived New England
tonight is struggling with the worst
snowfall in its history for many here
the looming storm brings back memories
of the 78th Blizzard a nor'easter that
battered the region's 35 years ago this
rail dumping as much as three feet of
snow killing 100 stranding many more
Fred Bayless remembers it well it's a
cliche but it approached
it hit right at rush hour it continued
and it dumped a lot of snow very fast
city officials say they're ready for a
wallop
loading sand and salt onto trucks a
fleet that could number 900 strong at
the height of the storm airlines are
bracing for major travel disruptions
throughout New England 1,100 flights
already canceled we are hiding New
England this let me tell you and used to
these types of storms but I also want to
remind everyone to use common sense stay
off the streets if I city basically stay
home the morning rush should be okay
just flurries in the air but this time
tomorrow night Brian forecasters say we
could see snow coming down at the rate
of two to three inches an hour Ron Mott
starting us off thanks Ron